docs: Updating Developer Guide re qemu-img (#2554)
kata-containers/kata-containers: docs/Developer-Guide.md

> - If you do *not* wish to build under Docker, remove the `USE_DOCKER`
>   variable in the previous command and ensure the `qemu-img` command is
>   available on your system.

> >   - If `qemu-img` is not installed, you will likely see errors such as ```ERROR: File /dev/loop19p1 is not a block device```

Reviewer: You only need a single backtick at each end of these error messages as the verbatim text is "inline".

Author: OK, that makes sense, thanks

Have added a 3rd commit 🤞

>     and "losetup: /tmp/tmp.bHz11oY851: Warning: file is smaller than 512 bytes; the loop device may be useless or invisible for system tools."

> >     These can be mitigated by installing `qemu-img`. For example, on Debian-based platforms, use the command `apt-get update && apt-get install -y qemu-utils`

Reviewer: I'd consider changing the double quotes around these two error messages to backticks. That would make them stand out more but also means you don't need https://github.com/kata-containers/tests/pull/3928 as you are simply displaying a verbatim error (which arguably doesn't make sense to spell-check since it may contain errors we cannot reasonably fix).

Author: Ah, OK, that works for me - will add another commit now ....

Author: Have added a second commit @jodh-intel - does that look better ? If so, I'll close out the Issue / PR over in the tests repo

Reviewer: Thanks - As mentioned, you can simplify it even more. But also, can you squash both commits into a single one?

Author: I *think* I've done this ... if I've made things worse, I'll just close this PR and raise a new one 👍

> >     These can be mitigated by installing `qemu-img`. For example, on Debian-based platforms, use the command `apt-get update && apt-get install -y qemu-utils`

Reviewer: Nit: I'd tend not to specify the commands to run since they might change (`apt` is a good alternative for example), but also you then need to document that the command should be run as `root`. All our docs should imply this by prefixing with `sudo` but to cover a few more bases, you could reword slightly to something like:

```suggestion
>     These can be mitigated by installing the `qemu-img` command (available in the `qemu-img` package on Fedora or the `qemu-utils` package on Debian and Ubuntu.
```

Author: OK, that's fair - and shows why documentation is ever-evolving and that collaboration is good - thanks for the feedback, will update shortly 🙇

Author: @jodh-intel as per the above, I've further amended the change; however, that's yet another commit to be squashed, and I did make the doofus error of getting my commit titles wrong in two cases; does it make more sense for me to nuke this PR and its commits, and do it again but properly this time 🤣  ?

Author: @jodh-intel quick question, do you want me to re-do this PR, with one rather than oodles of commits ? If so, I'll nuke it and do it again, but properly this time 🤣
